# Identify Expired Consumables
This program prompts a user to list up to 5 consumables and when finished, the user should type “EXIT”, which serves as a keyboard interrupt.  Then, the user is prompted to enter the expiration/sell by dates of said consumables in the format MM/YYYY, and again, type “EXIT” when the user is finished.  Finally, the user is prompted to enter today’s date in the format MM/YYYY.  After that point, the terminal output displays the names of the consumables that have expired by today’s date or if there are no consumables that have already expired, the terminal output displays a message that says so.
The C source file expiredConsumables.c serves as the main C source file.  This source file includes two header files that are unique to the program: consumableArrayOperation.h and stringParsing.h.  The C source file consumableArrayOperation.c is used for adding the names of user-specified consumables along with the expiration/sell by dates of the consumables to an array of structures.  The purpose of the C source file stringParsing.c is to take the names of the user-specified consumables along with the months and years of their expiration/sell by dates and add those entities to several arrays of C strings.  That C source file also takes the current month and year, which the user enters, and adds those time periods to another array of C strings.
Furthermore, in the C source file expiredConsumables.c, the main() function declares the maximum number of consumables that the user can enter as well as the maximum size of each of the strings that the user can enter.  Also, in main(), there are numerous print() statements for the prompts as well as dynamic allocation for pointers to “char” pointers which serve as arrays of C strings.  Those arrays get deallocated near the end of main().  In main(), there are also some calls to processUserEntry(), separateString(), and acceptTodaysDate() which all pass pointers to “char” pointers by reference.  Next, in main(), there is a call to addToStructArray().  Then, in main(), the months and years that are retrieved from the user’s input get converted from C strings to the integer data type.
Then, the functions processUserEntry(), separateString(), and acceptTodaysDate(), which are all found in stringParsing.c, all have void return types.  The function processUserEntry() takes an argument for the maximum size of each of the strings that the user can enter.  The purpose of that function is to take each consumable name specified by the user and copy each name to an element of an array of C strings.  In addition, the user input is checked because if the user enters "EXIT", then the last element of the array of C strings is assigned to NULL which serves as an indicator to the end of the array.  As for the function separateString(), it also takes an argument for a single C string that contains a month and a year which are separated by a forward slash character by the user.  That function also takes an argument for that forward slash character as it serves as a delimiter for strtok().  The function separateString() is created so that the month and the year in a C string can be copied to two different elements of an array of C strings.  Then, the function acceptTodaysDate() also takes an argument for the forward slash character, just like separateString() does.  The purpose of acceptTodaysDate() is to read the current month and year that the user enters.
Finally, the C source file consumableArrayOperation.c contains one function with the name “addToStructArray”.  The function addToStructArray() takes a C string which serves as the name of a consumable, two integers for the month and year of an expiration/sell by date, and an integer index as arguments.  That function assigns the name of the consumable as well as the month and year to the corresponding members of a single structure found in the array of structures mentioned earlier.  Thus, the index is used to access a specific structure in the array.   

